“The only joy in the world is to begin.” – Cesare Pavese
“Nobody can be uncheered with a balloon” – Winnie the Pooh
“The most wasted of days is one without laughter.” —E. E. Cummings
“Every moment is a fresh beginning.” —T.S. Eliot
“To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.” —Bill Gates
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” —Mahatma Gandhi
“What we think, we become.” —Buddha
“I dwell in possibility.” —Emily Dickinson
“All limitations are self-imposed.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes
“Change before you have to.” – Jack Welch
“A loving heart is the truest wisdom.” – Charles Dickens
“Love is a game that two can play and both win.” – Eva Gabor
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” — Mae West
“Nothing will work unless you do.” – Maya Angelou
“Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.” – James Dean
“Challenges are what make life interesting.” – Joshua Marine
“When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.” – Lao Tzu
“Nothing is impossible. The word itself says “I’m possible!” – Audrey Hepburn
“You never fail until you stop trying.” – Albert Einstein
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” – Confucius
“You can choose to not let little things upset you.” – Joel Osteen
“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“Determine your priorities and focus on them.” – Eileen McDargh
“It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.” – Vince Lombardi
“Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.” – Samuel Beckett
“No pressure, no diamonds.” – Thomas Carlyle
“Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.”– Oprah Winfrey
“When you make a choice, you change the future.”– Deepak Chopra
“Enjoy every moment you have. Because in life, there are no rewinds, only flashbacks.” –Anmol Andore
“Life is short, and it is here to be lived.” —Kate Winslet
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” – Les Brown
“You choose the life you live.” – Kim Kiyosaki
“What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.” – Sinclair Lewis
“Love is not love until love’s vulnerable.” – Theodore Roethke
“We can only learn to love by loving.” – Iris Murdoch
“You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.” – Barbara De Angelis
“Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.” – Aristotle
“Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.” – Franklin P. Jones
“If I know what love is, it is because of you.” – Hermann Hesse
“Loved you yesterday, love you still, always have, always will.” – Elaine Davis
”How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.” – Elizabeth Barrett Browning
“I love you. I am at rest with you. I have come home.” – Dorothy L. Sayers
“Grow old along with me; the best is yet to be.” – Robert Browning
“To love at all is to be vulnerable” – C.S. Lewis
“Love loves to love love.” – James Joyce
“Love is an untamed force.” – Paulo Coelho
“Love is a thing that is full of cares and fears.” – Ovid
”I’m here. I love you.” – Elizabeth Gilbert
“You call it madness, but I call it love.” – Don Byas
“Love is sharing your popcorn.” – Charles Schultz
“You’re nothing short of my everything.” – Ralph Block
“I want to be with you until my last page.” – A.R. Asher
“We love because it’s the only true adventure.” – Nikki Giovanni
“I love you simply, without problems or pride.” – Pablo Neruda
“I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where.” – Pablo Neruda
“Love me and I may be forced to love you.” – William Arthur Ward
“Love is a choice you make from moment to moment.” – Barbara De Angelis
“We love the things we love for what they are.” – Robert Frost
“Life is a first impression. You get one shot at it. Make it everlasting.” – J.R. Rim
“This has been my life; I found it worth living.” – Bertrand Russell
“Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.” — Lillian Dickson
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” —Mahatma Gandhi
“Every moment of life is precious and can never happen again.” – Zelig Pliskin
“Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best.” – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.” – William Hazlitt
“Life is short it is up to you to make it sweet.” – Sarah Louise
“I believe that nothing in life is unimportant every moment can be a beginning.” — John McLeod
“In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.”- Robert Frost
“Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets.” – Dr. Suess
“Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.” – Omar Khayyam
“Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated.” — Confucius
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.” – Marie Curie
“Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.” – William James
“Get busy living or get busy dying.” — Stephen King
“I believe you make your day. You make your life.” – Brad Pitt
“It is not length of life, but depth of life.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.” – Oscar Wilde
“You can’t depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.” – Mark Twain
“When things go wrong, don’t go with them.” — Elvis Presley
“A ship is safe in harbor, but that’s not what ships are for.” – William G.T. Shedd
“Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat.” – Malcolm S. Forbes
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” –Arthur Ashe
“Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.” —Napoleon Hill
“Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.” –Harper Lee
“We do not remember days, we remember moments.” ― Cesare Pavese
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” — Mae West
“You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.” —Michael Jordan
“You must do the things you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” –Theodore Roosevelt
“If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.” – Johnny Carson
“Love: a temporary insanity, curable by marriage.” – Ambrose Bierce
“Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.” – Elbert Hubbard
“The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets.” – Al McGuire
“Love is like pi – natural, irrational, and very important.” – Lisa Hoffman
“Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re gonna get.” — Forrest Gump
“Everyone has a purpose in life. Perhaps yours is watching television.” – David Letterman
“When you’re in love it’s the most glorious two and a half days of your life.” – Richard Lewis
“Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.” – George Burns
“Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.” – H. L. Mencken
“Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.” – Benjamin Franklin
“If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?” – Lily Tomlin
“And remember, no matter where you go, there you are.” – Confucius
“Happiness is a warm puppy.” – Charles M. Schulz
“One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.” – Rita Mae Brown
“Be happy. It really annoys negative people.” – Ricky Gervais
“Mountains have a way of dealing with overconfidence.” – Hermann Buhl
“Hiking is the only slightly less ugly stepsister of running.” – Lindy Hughes
“Getting to the top is optional. Getting down is mandatory.”  – Ed Viesturs
“When all else fails, there’s always delusion.” – Conana O’Brien
“Hiking is just walking where it’s okay to pee.” – Demetri Martin
“If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn’t lead anywhere.” – Frank A. Clark
“Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.” – Roger Miller
“The nicest thing about the rain is that it always stops. Eventually.” – Eeyore
“Turn every life situation into a positive one.” – Rhonda Byrne
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.” —Dr. Seuss
“Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.” – Roy T. Bennett
“One has to be positive. When you’re positive, good things happen.” – Deep Roy
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” – Oscar Wilde
“The mere sense of living is joy enough.” – Emily Dickinson
“If you are positive, you’ll see opportunities instead of obstacles.” – Widad Akrawi
“In order to carry a positive action, we must develop here a positive vision.” – Dalai Lama
“Only in the darkness can you see the stars.” —Martin Luther King, Jr.
“Do good and good will come to you.” —Adam Lowy
“When you’re positive, good things happen.” – Deep Roy
“Choose to be optimistic, it feels better.” —Dalai Lama
“You go in with a positive attitude and stay there.” – Shelley Long
“When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.” —Lao Tzu
“When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.” – Buddha
“Recognize what you have inside you.” – Eric Pulier
“Joy blooms where minds and hearts are open.” – Jonathan Lockwood Huie
“Say something positive, and you’ll see something positive.” —Jim Thompson
“People have to remain positive and believe in those dreams. It’s really important.” – Kirsty Coventry
“Be positive with every idea surrounding your dreams.” – Israelmore Ayivor
“A positive attitude awakens inner strength, energy, motivation, and initiative.” – Remez Sasson
“I think if you just look at life in a positive way, positive things will happen.” – Jake Owen
“Positive energy knows no boundaries.” – Lu Wei
“It’s almost always possible to be honest and positive.” – Naval Ravikant
“There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.”  – Edith Wharton
“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of others.” – Charles Dickens
“Have faith in yourself and in the future.” – Ted Kennedy
“Mostly, the world sees you the way you see yourself.”– Lisa Nichols
“Open your mind. Get up off the couch. Move.” – Anthony Bourdain
“Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.” – Muhammad Ali
“You must do the things you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.” – Helen Keller
“Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.” – John Heywood
“Wherever you go, go with all your heart.” – Confucius
“It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.” – Edmund Hillary
“Keep going. Is not as difficult as you feel it is. Don’t give up.” – Brandon Sanderson
“To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.” – Winston Churchill
“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.” – Anaïs Nin
“Life is too short to be unhappy.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life.” — Buddha
“Live for each second without hesitation.” — Elton John
“Have I not destroyed my enemy when I have made him into my friend?” – Abraham Lincoln
“Friendship is a wildly underrated medication.” – Anna Deavere Smith
“A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.” — Elbert Hubbard
“Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love.” – Elie Wiesel
“A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.” — Walter Winchell
“Things are never quite as scary when you’ve got a best friend.” — Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes
“The only way to have a friend is to be one.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The love that comes from friendship is the underlying facet of a happy life.” – Chelsea Handler
“A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.” – Elbert Hubbar
“It’s the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.” – Marlene Dietrich
“A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.” – Arnold H. Glasgow
“There’s not a word yet for old friends who’ve just met.” – Jim Henson
“Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.” – Helen Keller
“It’s a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy.” – Lucille Ball
“Happiness held is the seed; Happiness shared is the flower.” – John Harrigan
“Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Simplicity makes me happy.” – Alicia Keys
“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” – Aristotle
“The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are.” – Goldie Hawn
“To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.” – Albert Camus
“I’d far rather be happy than right any day.” – Douglas Adams
“If you want to be happy, be.” – Leo Tolstoy
“Roll with the punches and enjoy every minute of it.” – Meghan Markle
“Happiness is a state of activity.” – Aristotle
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.” – Oscar Wilde
“Happiness is a how; not a what. A talent, not an object.” – Herman Hesse
“Learn to let go. That is the key to happiness.” – Buddha
“Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.” – Benjamin Franklin
“The constant happiness is curiosity.” – Alice Munro
“Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.” – Ernest Hemingway
“Happiness [is] only real when shared” – Jon Krakauer
“Happiness is not a goal…it’s a by-product of a life well-lived.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes.” – Charles Dickens
“Happiness is a state of mind. It’s just according to the way you look at things.” – Walt Disney
“You can’t close your heart to things you don’t want to feel.” – Johnny Depp
“Just let me keep the last piece of my heart before you tear it all apart.”— Lykke Li
“You can’t buy love, but you can pay heavily for it.” ― Henny Youngman
“It hurts to leave a light on for nobody.” — Graham Foust
“Love is so short, forgetting is so long.” – Pablo Neruda
“Sadness flies away on the wings of time.” – Jean de La Fontaine
“Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.” – Kahlil Gibran
“Sad things happen. They do. But we don’t need to live sad forever.” – Mattie Stepanek
“The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.” – Jim Rohn
“We never taste a perfect joy; our happiest successes are mixed with sadness.” – Pierre Corneille
“When you feel sad, it’s okay. It’s not the end of the world.” – Mac Miller
“It doesn’t hurt to feel sad from time to time.” – Willie Nelson
“It’s sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.” – Henry Rollins
“It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.” – Miguel de Unamuno
“The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.” – Bob Marley
“The wound is the place where the light enters you.” – Rumi
“Tears are words the mouth can’t say nor can the heart bear.” – Joshua Wisenbaker
“We were together. I forget the rest.” – Walt Whitman
“Cute is when a person’s personality shines through their looks.” – Natalie Portman
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint you can on It.” – Danny Kaye
“Always wear cute pajamas to bed, you’ll never know who u will meet in your dreams.” – Joel Madden
“Live life to the fullest.” – Ernest Hemingway
“I don’t think you can define love.” – Harry Styles
“Everything looks cute when it’s small.” – Cynthia Rawley
“That’s the secret to life… replace one worry with another…” – Charlie Brown
“Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.” – Pablo Picasso
“In the book of life, the answers aren’t in the back.” – Charlie Brown
“The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make It.” – Marcus Aurelius
“We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.” – Seneca
“We shall see but a little way if we require to understand what we see.” – Henry David Thoreau
“No one has ever found themselves without being a little lost.” ―Sai Pradeep
“Never to suffer would never to have been blessed.” — Edgar Allan Poe
“Every strength is also a weakness. The opposite is true as well.” – Neil Strauss
“Some beautiful paths can’t be discovered without getting lost.” —Erol Ozan
“Things don’t have to change the world to be important.” – Steve Jobs
“It is growing cold. Winter is puuting footsteps in the meadow.” – Roman Payne
“Thank goodness for the first snow.” — Candace Bushnell
“Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.” – Babe Ruth
“Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“May you live all the days of your life.” -Jonathan Swift
“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.” -Thomas Jefferson
“Love yourself. Be clear on how you want to be treated. Know your worth. Always.” – Maryam Hasnaa
“Self-love is necessary for a functional and successful life” – Angela C. Santomero
“If you have the ability to love, love yourself first.” – Charles Bukowski
“How you love yourself is how you teach others to love you.” – Rupi Kaur
“Tell yourself how much you love yourself.” – Don Miguel Ruiz
“You carry so much love in your heart. Give some to yourself.” – R.Z.
“Love yourself enough to set boundaries.” – Anna Taylor
“Wisdom begins in wonder.” – Socrates
“What’s done is done.” – William Shakespeare
“You are your choices.” – Seneca
“And still I rise.” – Maya Angelou
“Don’t worry, Be Happy.” – Bobby McFerrin
“Be curious, not judgmental.” – Walt Whitman
“Nothing endures but change.” – Heraclitus
“Courage doesn’t always roar.” – Mary Anne Radmacher
“No pressure, no diamonds.” – Thomas Carlyle
“Live and let live.” – Yiddish Proverb
“No guts no glory.” – General Frederick Corbin Blesse